# LeadConversion_Classification
 Lead Scoring Case Study  Problem Statement : Business Requirement   An education company called X Education is offering online courses to people mostly demographically in India. Thus, there many interested/ potential customers visits their web portal to understand the offerings.    To attract maximum customers the company X Education markets its courses on several and like Google. The objective of for this advertisement is to have maximum traffic at the website. Once these potential customers lands to website they are request to fill forms to have a better understanding of what customers are looking for. Once they have the information related to customers like email, phone, Sources they have got info about X education, how active they are on web portal, the number of visits to portal, the industry domain they work for, weather they have joined on someone recommendations. Based on these information they are defined as leads, and parameters like Lead quality, Asymmetrique Profile Indexing is done. Once these information are arranged in descriptive way to give information on whether a potential customer and would convert to a customer i.e. the leads getting converted. With all this information and business understanding agents makes call. The current conversion rate that the companying is seeing is 30%.   Now the business problem is to achieve a better conversion rate (Close to 80%) for the leads getting converted. The approach is to get something called as "Hot-Leads", it can be viewed as  a pool of Leads with maximum changes to get converted. The inner set of business problem to utilize the resources (agents) in a efficient manner. In the sense, the agent would now have pool  of people to select from instead of the whole basket of Leads. Thus achieving better conversion rate. 
